README.md, before:

# Schédio design tokens

Built for with [Theo](https://github.com/salesforce-ux/theo) for [@spartanbio/schedio](https://gitlab.com/spartanbio-ux/schedio).

A full list of tokens is available at https://spartanbio-ux.gitlab.io/schedio-tokens/.

- [Schédio design tokens](#sch%c3%a9dio-design-tokens)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
    - [JS](#js)
    - [SCSS](#scss)
    - [Flutter](#flutter)
    - [Adobe Creative Cloud Applications](#adobe-creative-cloud-applications)

## Installation

```bash
yarn add @spartanbio/schedio-tokens
```

Tokens are organized with the path structure `dist/<platform>/<language>/<token>.<format>.<ext>`

## Usage

These formats can be applied to every type of token, not just the master list.

i.e.:

```js
// Importing raw colors from JSON
import { props as colors } from '@spartanbio/schedio-tokens/dist/web/raw-json/colors.raw.json'
```

### JS

Examples use JSON, but Common JS modules are available in `dist/web/common-js`.

Common JS:

```js
// camelCase tokens
const schedioTokens = require('@spartanbio/schedio-tokens')
// kebab-case tokens with meta data
const {
  props: schedioTokens
} = require('@spartanbio/schedio-tokens/dist/web/raw-json/tokens.raw.json')
```

ES6 Modules:

```js
// camelCase tokens
import * as schedioTokens from '@spartanbio/scedio-tokens'
// kebab-case tokens with meta data
import { props as schedioTokens } from '@spartanbio/schedio-tokens/dist/web/raw-json/tokens.raw.json'
```

### SCSS

All variables and keys are kebab-case.

```scss
// All tokens as variables
@import '~@spartanbio/schedio/dist/web/scss/tokens';

// All tokens as a map
@import '~@spartanbio/schedio/dist/web/scss/tokens.map';

// All tokens as custom properties (works for CSS too)
@import '~@spartanbio/schedio/dist/web/css/tokens.custom-properties';

// Unprefixed maps of specific token categories
@import '~@spartanbio/schedio/dist/web/scss/<token-category>.map';

// Colors, grouped by hue
@import '~@spartanbio/schedio/dist/web/scss/colors.color-map';
```

### Flutter

Only color swatches are supported at this time. Copy `dist/flutter/dart/colors.color-swatches.dart` into your project.

### Adobe Creative Cloud Applications

CC applications that support swatch files can import `dist/web/adobe/colors.ase` to use colors. Note they are imported without groups.

Commit message:

feat(colors): adds js color map

README.md, after:

# Schédio design tokens

Built with [Theo](https://github.com/salesforce-ux/theo) for [@spartanbio/schedio](https://gitlab.com/spartanbio-ux/schedio).

A full list of tokens is available at https://spartanbio-ux.gitlab.io/schedio-tokens/.

- [Schédio design tokens](#sch%c3%a9dio-design-tokens)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
    - [JS](#js)
    - [SCSS](#scss)
    - [Flutter](#flutter)
    - [React Native](#react-native)
    - [Adobe Creative Cloud Applications](#adobe-creative-cloud-applications)

## Installation

```bash
yarn add @spartanbio/schedio-tokens
```

## Usage

Tokens are organized with the path structure `dist/<platform>/<language>/<token>.<format>.<ext>`

### JS

Examples use JSON, but Common JS modules are available in `dist/web/common-js`.

Common JS:

```js
// camelCase tokens
const schedioTokens = require('@spartanbio/schedio-tokens')
// kebab-case tokens with meta data
const {
  props: schedioTokens
} = require('@spartanbio/schedio-tokens/dist/web/raw-json/tokens.raw.json')
```

ES6 Modules:

````js
// camelCase tokens
import * as schedioTokens from '@spartanbio/scedio-tokens'
// kebab-case tokens with meta data
import { props as schedioTokens } from '@spartanbio/schedio-tokens/dist/web/raw-json/tokens.raw.json'
// Importing raw colors from JSON
import { props as colors } from '@spartanbio/schedio-tokens/dist/web/raw-json/colors.raw.json'
```

### SCSS

All variables and keys are kebab-case.

```scss
// All tokens as variables
@import '~@spartanbio/schedio/dist/web/scss/tokens';

// All tokens as a map
@import '~@spartanbio/schedio/dist/web/scss/tokens.map';

// All tokens as custom properties (works for CSS too)
@import '~@spartanbio/schedio/dist/web/css/tokens.custom-properties';

// Unprefixed maps of specific token categories
@import '~@spartanbio/schedio/dist/web/scss/<token-category>.map';

// Colors, grouped by hue
@import '~@spartanbio/schedio/dist/web/scss/colors.color-map';
````

### Flutter

Only color swatches are supported at this time. Copy `dist/flutter/dart/colors.color-swatches.dart` into your project.

### React Native

All tokens except duration, easing, shadows, line height, work and are available as JSON in `dist/react-native/json`.

Color objects are available as well. Note that these objects are in `PascalCase`.

```js
// common js
const colors = require('@spartanbio/schedio-tokens/dist/react-native/common-js/colors.colors-map.common')

// es modules
import * as colors from '@spartanbio/schedio-tokens/dist/react-native/module-js/colors.colors-map.module')
```

### Adobe Creative Cloud Applications

CC applications that support swatch files can import `dist/web/adobe/colors.ase` to use colors. Note they are imported without groups.
